{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 what is a dinosaur?\
	a group of prehistoric reptiles\
	all dinosaurs are reptiles, hatch from eggs\
	more than 1000 species discovered, more every year!\
	meat eaters, plant eaters, small as a pigeon or three stories tall\
	biggest land animals ever (blue whale is still the most massive animal ever)\
	dinosaurs don't fly or swim! icthyosaurs and pterosaurs are prehistoric reptiles too, but not dinosaurs!\
	dino-saur means terrible lizard, named by sir richard owen. he only knew about three kinds of dinosaur, each of which walked on land\
	later, when swimming and flying reptiles were discovered, we called them winged-lizard and fish-lizard to tell them apart\
	there are many kinds of saur! usually when people say 'dinosaur' they mean any large prehistoric reptile.\
	no dinosaurs are alive today, but scientists agree that the birds we know today are their closest living relative.\
\
where did dinosaurs come from?\
	dinosaur fossils have been found on every continent on earth. even Antarctica!\
	how is this? many years ago, the continents were united in one big mass called Pangea. In the time of Pangea, the Earth was warmer, with many more active volcanoes. This huge continent was a warm place covered with trees and plants. \
	Before dinosaurs, there were no mammals, but there were many reptiles, amphibians, fish and crustaceans. \
	the closest ancestors of dinosaurs likely looked a lot like crocodiles. they ate meat, walked on four legs, and had long tails. \
	over time, these reptiles evolved to walk on two legs and become the very fist dinosaurs. these dinosaurs were small and fast, about the size of chickens. \
	over time, these tiny predators become very successful hunters and were able to move all over Pangea. over millions of years, dinosaurs adapted to many different environments and evolved into the shapes we know today. some stayed small, others became huge. some adapted to walk on four legs and eat plants. \
\
all about fossils\
Triassic\
Jurassic\
Cretaceous\
dino anatomy\
dinosaur society\
dinosaur food\
extinction}